Onigiri
Onigiri, also known as Japanese rice ball is a great example of how inventive Japanese cuisine
can be. It is also a Japanese comfort food made from steamed rice formed into the typical
triangular ball, or cylinder shapes and usually wrapped with Nori(dried seaweed).

         
Curry Rice
The curry was introduced to Japan in late 1800 by the British and originally it was Western style stews mixed with curry powder. The Japanese adapted curry to their own version, Curry
Rice (Kare Raisu, カレーライス) soon after. By 1950s the curry roux in block form was sold by
S&B Foods and everyone could make it easily at home.


Miso soup
Miso soup is a traditional Japanese soup consisting of a dashi stock into which softened miso
Paste is mixed. In addition, there are many optional ingredients that may be added depending
On regional and seasonal recipes, and personal preference.

Ebi tempura bento
Tempura is, in many ways, an archetypal Japanese food. All the essential qualities of the
nation's cuisine are reflected in its preparation: the use of absolutely fresh ingredients, the
artful presentation,and the perfection of technique by a skilled chef.The result is one of the
triumphs of Japanese cooking-a fried food that is light and fresh-tasting rather than heavy
and greasy. It's a cooking style in which the eessence of 3 the ingredient itself completely
defines the taste.

Japanese Sushi is a traditional Japanese dish of prepared vinegared rice, usually with some sugar and
salt,accompanying a variety of ingredients,such as seafood,often raw,and vegetables. Styles
of sushi and it's presentation vary widely,but the one key ingredient is"sushi rice",also
referred to asshari, orsumeshi.

Rice sushi
In Japan, we call sushi rice Sushi-meshi鮨飯, Su-meshi(酢飯), orshari(シャリ).It’s made  of
white, short-grain Japanese rice seasoned with rice vinegar, sugar,and salt. Brown rice is
sometimes used outside of Japan, but it’s not common in sushi restaurants in Japan.

Ramen
After World War II, ramen became internationally recognized when Japan increased their imports of U.S. 
wheat, contributing to Japan's ramen industry and growth. There are three common types of broths in the 
Japanese ramen: Tonkotsu, Shoyu, and Miso.

Nigiri   
Nigiri ornigiri zushi is a special kind of hand-pressed sushi where the meat is sliced and
pressed on top of sushi rice. It was developed in Tokyo(thencalledEdo)during the 1800s.
Sometimes, nori seaweed is used to wrap the whole concoction and keep it together.